feat(tutorials): update on configure-plex-s3 (#1572)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/configure-plex-s3/index.mdx

    ```

    If the status is `active (running)` everything is fine.

> 2. Access Plex interface throught an SSH tunnel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Access Plex interface through an SSH tunnel
```

    Once you are logged in, you will be automatically redirected to the setup of the server:
    
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-plex-server-setup.webp" alt="" />
3. Access Plex interface with your server IP address
    - Open a web browser on your local computer and navigate to `http://<plex.server.ip>:32400`
    - The Plex login screen should displays.

    <Message type="note">
      The port `32400` is the default used by Plex for the interface.
    </Message>
4. Enter the required parameters and click **Next** to complete the setup.
    <Message type="note">
      Make sure the Checkbox `Allow me to access my media outside my home` is ticked so you can access your media files from any device.
    </Message>
5. Click **Add a library** to create a new media gallery
6. Select the type of library you wish to create and click **Next**
7. Click **Browse and select a multimedia folder** to do so.

>     - Plex recommend to create seperate folter for each type of media. For example, if your library is about movies, create a folder `Movies` in your bucket, throught the `/mnt/media` mounted folder or the Scaleway Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Plex recommends creating separate folders for each type of media. For example, if your library is about movies, create a folder `Movies` in your bucket, through the `/mnt/media` mounted folder or the Scaleway Console.
```

    - You should see the `Movies` folder inside Plex, in the browse window.
8. Select `/mnt/media/<Folder name>` as the media folder.
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-plex-add-folder.webp" alt="" />

    <Message type="tip">
      You can upload additional content to your server with any S3 compatible tool, like [Cyberduck](/tutorials/store-s3-cyberduck/).
    </Message>
9. Click **Next** and then **Finish** to conclude the set up.

> 10. You can now add a media to your bucket and trigger a scan of you media folder in the Plex interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Add media to your bucket and trigger a scan of your media folder in the Plex interface. Your media should displays, if so, it's all set up!
```

> 11. Do you see your media in Plex? If yes, it's all set up!

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
